Self-hosted docs update (#32)
RegattaData/docs: self-hosted-deployment/scripted-solution/scripted-solution.mdx

---
title: "Scripted Solution"
---

> Regatta offers a scripted solution that will set up the Regatta cluster based on minimal user input. The script follows the same method described in the manual process with the recommended configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regatta offers a deployment tool that will set up the Regatta cluster based on minimal user input. The tool follows the same method described in the manual process with the recommended configuration.
```
